1. [CSR-4288] chore: improve failed only ci optm docs (#33)
currents-dev/currents-readme: resources/reporters/currents-cmd/currents-cache.md

description: >-
  Use currents cache command to store and retrieve data from Currents-managed
  remote cache

> icon: terminal

Reviewer: This looks a bit strange, is the only child with an icon, is this intended? 

<img width="284" height="226" alt="Image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/3ae97acb-994f-4f1e-b9af-535f583b71eb" />

Author: definitely not intended change. Rolling back

---

# currents cache

The `currents cache` command stores and retrieves files on CI machines. The files are securely stored in Currents-managed storage. This command is designed to be used in CI environments to facilitate activities like [re-run-only-failed-tests-sharded.md](../../../guides/ci-optimization/re-run-only-failed-tests-sharded.md "mention").

> `currents cache` stores  meta data about CI execution and test artifacts, each cache item has a unique `id.` The `id` can be set manually, or Currents can generate it automatically based on CI environment variables

Reviewer: I believe the standard is to use `metadata` together, isn't it?

```suggestion
`currents cache` stores  metadata about CI execution and test artifacts, each cache item has a unique `id.` The `id` can be set manually, or Currents can generate it automatically based on CI environment variables
```

Author: fixed

Reviewer: I still see the old version

Author: sorry, I pushed these changes to the wrong branch. Now I did on this one.
